Exclude base packages from geo_deps_bin (#20)
Public-Health-Scotland/technical-docs: Infrastructure/How to Install and Use Geospatial R Packages.md

# Get list of geospatial package dependencies that can be installed as binaries
geo_deps_bin <- sort(setdiff(geo_deps, geo_pkgs))

> # Remove available (base) packages
> geo_deps_bin <- geo_deps_bin[!(geo_deps_bin %in% rownames(available.packages()))]
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Remove packages that are already installed from the list of geospatial package dependencies
geo_deps_bin <- sort(setdiff(geo_deps_bin, as.data.frame(installed.packages())$Package))

```

My suggestion above removes packages that are already installed from the list of geospatial package dependencies, which runs faster, and should prevent any existing packages from being upgraded unintentionally.
